# RoamAndTravel
Welcome to Roam and Travel, your ultimate gateway to the world of adventure and exploration. At Roam and Travel, we're passionate about helping you discover the wonders of the world one journey at a time. This Minimum Viable Product in development is a web application designed to help users record and manage tasks associated with planning and executing a trip. Users can categorize their tasks, and when they choose "Travel" as the task category and specify a destination location, the application queries an external API (Hotels.com) to retrieve a list of nearby hotels. The core functions of the application will include creating, reading, updating, and deleting (CRUD) tasks on the user's to-do list.

Our platform is designed for wanderers and explorers of all kinds. Whether you're a seasoned globetrotter or a first-time traveler, we're here to inspire and guide you on building memories. One of the unique features of Roam and Travel is our 'Trip Planner.' Plan your next adventure effortlessly, from setting your destination and travel dates to finding nearby hotels, all in one place. Our seamless integration with the Hotels.com API ensures you have access to a wide range of options to meet your requests.

Join us on a journey of discovery, where every click is a step closer towards new memories around the world. Here at Roam and Travel, we extend our sincere appreciation for you choosing us to be apart of your once in a lifetime experience! Your trust in us means the world and we are thrilled to have you on board!
